hey I'm back in this video is going to
be an update to my guys for me here that
I have installed right now over woopsie
but two days ago I wash the hair watch
the condition it on and then blow-dry it
and then just around the flat iron
across it just a couple times real quick
okay so first I wash my hair with nexi
okay the human the humanist of Italy
it's the luxurious luxurious moisturizer
shampoo and then I commissioned it with
the ultimate moisturizer conditioner
okay and therefore he protected I use
the Nixons he protects spray okay um a
watched air conditioning and the hair
feels a lot more silkier I think that I
don't know if it just
you haven't had like an initial wash of
the hair but the hair has definitely um
shed less than what it was before and I
don't know if I don't know cuz y'all
know I'm not I'm not no hair I'm not
gonna leave expert so I don't know but
let me just show you guys how much hair
comes out when I brush it real quick
okay I'm just pulling see you come out
now remember in the first video I had a
handful of hair and that was brushing
just like I did now right before I do
the video so I'm showing you got it on
camera one two three strings opposed to
the big clump
that I had before so three strands
shared for me brushing at that time so
I'm guessing that if you are having
problems with this hair maybe you have
to wash it first and then because it has
significantly stopped not to the point
where it doesn't shed at all but it's
definitely a lot less than what it was
shedding before so I'm happy about that
um yeah it's really nice and I just I'm
just wearing it straight today and then
I tie the back up and pin it in a little
pin in the back and yeah my temple is
saying hello but yeah I just want to
come in real quick and tell you guys you
guys an update because I know some
people are wondering if it's like them
stop shedding or whatever so yeah so it
did stop shedding as much as it was
before so I'm happy about that because I
mean before I washed hair there was hair
everywhere and I told you guys I was
annoyed about it was I mean it was it
was out of control so yeah that's my
little update and yeah I will talk to
you guys later okay bye